com/example/recently/RecieverBroadCast.java
 com.example.recently.RecieverBroadCast
 com.example.recently.RecieverBroadCast$1
com/example/recently/databinding/ActivityUpdateDataBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.ActivityUpdateDataBinding
com/example/recently/databinding/OfferitemBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.OfferitemBinding
com/example/recently/databinding/ActivityWaitingBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.ActivityWaitingBinding
com/example/recently/profileFragment.java
 com.example.recently.profileFragment
 com.example.recently.profileFragment$1
 com.example.recently.profileFragment$2
 com.example.recently.profileFragment$3
 com.example.recently.profileFragment$4
com/example/recently/WaitingActivity.java
 com.example.recently.WaitingActivity
 com.example.recently.WaitingActivity$1
 com.example.recently.WaitingActivity$2
 com.example.recently.WaitingActivity$3
 com.example.recently.WaitingActivity$4
 com.example.recently.WaitingActivity$ChangeUI
com/example/recently/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/recently/databinding/ActivityLocationBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.ActivityLocationBinding
com/example/recently/WaitForResponse.java
 com.example.recently.WaitForResponse
 com.example.recently.WaitForResponse$ForBound
 com.example.recently.WaitForResponse$UpdateBar
com/example/recently/databinding/RegistrationBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.RegistrationBinding
com/example/recently/MenuItem.java
 com.example.recently.MenuItem
com/example/recently/CardItem.java
 com.example.recently.CardItem
com/example/recently/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/example/recently/MenuFragment.java
 com.example.recently.MenuFragment
 com.example.recently.MenuFragment$1
 com.example.recently.MenuFragment$2
 com.example.recently.MenuFragment$3
 com.example.recently.MenuFragment$4
 com.example.recently.MenuFragment$Adapter
 com.example.recently.MenuFragment$Adapter$1
com/example/recently/CheckInternetConnection.java
 com.example.recently.CheckInternetConnection
com/example/recently/offerFragment.java
 com.example.recently.offerFragment
 com.example.recently.offerFragment$1
com/example/recently/AuthenticatePhonenumber.java
 com.example.recently.AuthenticatePhonenumber
 com.example.recently.AuthenticatePhonenumber$1
 com.example.recently.AuthenticatePhonenumber$1$1
 com.example.recently.AuthenticatePhonenumber$2
com/example/recently/databinding/ActivityMainAppBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.ActivityMainAppBinding
com/example/recently/databinding/CarditemBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.CarditemBinding
com/example/recently/RecycleViewAdapter.java
 com.example.recently.RecycleViewAdapter
 com.example.recently.RecycleViewAdapter$1
 com.example.recently.RecycleViewAdapter$viewHolder
com/example/recently/databinding/ActivityCardBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.ActivityCardBinding
com/example/recently/databinding/ActivityOrderBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.ActivityOrderBinding
com/example/recently/databinding/OrderitemBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.OrderitemBinding
com/example/recently/databinding/FragmentMenuBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.FragmentMenuBinding
com/example/recently/databinding/FragmentOfferBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.FragmentOfferBinding
com/example/recently/offeritem.java
 com.example.recently.offeritem
com/example/recently/Registration.java
 com.example.recently.Registration
 com.example.recently.Registration$1
 com.example.recently.Registration$2
 com.example.recently.Registration$2$1
 com.example.recently.Registration$2$2
 com.example.recently.Registration$2$3
 com.example.recently.Registration$2$4
 com.example.recently.Registration$3
 com.example.recently.Registration$4
 com.example.recently.Registration$5
 com.example.recently.Registration$6
com/example/recently/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/recently/databinding/MenitemBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.MenitemBinding
com/example/recently/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.recently.BuildConfig
com/example/recently/databinding/RegisterdialogBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.RegisterdialogBinding
com/example/recently/MainAppActivity.java
 com.example.recently.MainAppActivity
 com.example.recently.MainAppActivity$1
 com.example.recently.MainAppActivity$2
com/example/recently/UpdateData.java
 com.example.recently.UpdateData
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$1
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$2
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$2$1
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$2$2
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$3
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$4
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$5
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$6
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$7
com/example/recently/MainActivity.java
 com.example.recently.MainActivity
 com.example.recently.MainActivity$1
 com.example.recently.MainActivity$2
 com.example.recently.MainActivity$3
 com.example.recently.MainActivity$3$1
 com.example.recently.MainActivity$4
 com.example.recently.MainActivity$5
 com.example.recently.MainActivity$6
com/example/recently/Splash.java
 com.example.recently.Splash
 com.example.recently.Splash$1
 com.example.recently.Splash$2
com/example/recently/Order.java
 com.example.recently.Order
 com.example.recently.Order$1
 com.example.recently.Order$1$1
 com.example.recently.Order$2
 com.example.recently.Order$3
 com.example.recently.Order$3$1
 com.example.recently.Order$3$2
 com.example.recently.Order$3$3
 com.example.recently.Order$Adapter
com/example/recently/Card.java
 com.example.recently.Card
 com.example.recently.Card$1
 com.example.recently.Card$2
 com.example.recently.Card$Adapter
 com.example.recently.Card$Adapter$1
 com.example.recently.Card$Adapter$2
 com.example.recently.Card$Adapter$3
com/example/recently/Location.java
 com.example.recently.Location
 com.example.recently.Location$1
 com.example.recently.Location$2
