com/example/recently/offerFragment.java
 com.example.recently.offerFragment
com/example/recently/AuthenticatePhonenumber.java
 com.example.recently.AuthenticatePhonenumber
 com.example.recently.AuthenticatePhonenumber$1
 com.example.recently.AuthenticatePhonenumber$1$1
 com.example.recently.AuthenticatePhonenumber$2
com/example/recently/databinding/ActivityMainAppBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.ActivityMainAppBinding
com/example/recently/databinding/CarditemBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.CarditemBinding
com/example/recently/databinding/ActivityUpdateDataBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.ActivityUpdateDataBinding
com/example/recently/databinding/ActivityCardBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.ActivityCardBinding
com/example/recently/Registration.java
 com.example.recently.Registration
 com.example.recently.Registration$1
 com.example.recently.Registration$2
 com.example.recently.Registration$3
 com.example.recently.Registration$3$1
 com.example.recently.Registration$3$2
 com.example.recently.Registration$3$3
 com.example.recently.Registration$3$4
 com.example.recently.Registration$4
 com.example.recently.Registration$5
 com.example.recently.Registration$6
 com.example.recently.Registration$7
 com.example.recently.Registration$8
com/example/recently/UpdateData.java
 com.example.recently.UpdateData
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$1
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$2
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$2$1
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$2$2
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$3
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$4
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$5
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$6
 com.example.recently.UpdateData$7
com/example/recently/databinding/FragmentMenuBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.FragmentMenuBinding
com/example/recently/MainAppActivity.java
 com.example.recently.MainAppActivity
 com.example.recently.MainAppActivity$1
 com.example.recently.MainAppActivity$2
com/example/recently/databinding/FragmentOfferBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.FragmentOfferBinding
com/example/recently/MainActivity.java
 com.example.recently.MainActivity
 com.example.recently.MainActivity$1
 com.example.recently.MainActivity$2
 com.example.recently.MainActivity$2$1
 com.example.recently.MainActivity$3
 com.example.recently.MainActivity$4
com/example/recently/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/recently/databinding/MenitemBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.MenitemBinding
com/example/recently/databinding/RegisterdialogBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.RegisterdialogBinding
com/example/recently/Card.java
 com.example.recently.Card
 com.example.recently.Card$1
 com.example.recently.Card$Adapter
 com.example.recently.Card$Adapter$1
 com.example.recently.Card$Adapter$2
com/example/recently/databinding/RegistrationBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.RegistrationBinding
com/example/recently/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.recently.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/recently/profileFragment.java
 com.example.recently.profileFragment
 com.example.recently.profileFragment$1
 com.example.recently.profileFragment$2
 com.example.recently.profileFragment$3
 com.example.recently.profileFragment$4
com/example/recently/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.recently.BuildConfig
com/example/recently/MenuItem.java
 com.example.recently.MenuItem
com/example/recently/CardItem.java
 com.example.recently.CardItem
com/example/recently/MenuFragment.java
 com.example.recently.MenuFragment
 com.example.recently.MenuFragment$1
 com.example.recently.MenuFragment$2
 com.example.recently.MenuFragment$3
 com.example.recently.MenuFragment$4
 com.example.recently.MenuFragment$Adapter
 com.example.recently.MenuFragment$Adapter$1
